#### Overview
                        * Team reviewed John's computer selection
                        * John will test the new computer
---
Hello, Alex. How are you?,I'm good, John. How are you?,I'm good as well.,Great to hear. Just so you know, I am recording this meeting on Circleback.,No worries at all, I love Circleback. Have you tried the new Zapier integration?,I just started using it. It's actually life-changing, it saves me so much time. Anyways, what brings you here today?,I'm having issues with my current computer setup. It's running a little slow and some of my applications are starting to freeze or even crash entirely saying they ran out of memory.,I see. Have you considered upgrading your computer or getting a new one?,I have considered it, but I'm not sure what to get. I'm not super knowledgeable about computers and I don't want to have the company spend lots of money on something that is not needed.,I understand. Let's review some options and see what we can come up with.,That sounds great. I appreciate your help with this.,Happy to help! I see your current computer has 16GB of memory, a low range CPU, and 256GB of storage. We have a few options. The most performant option we have is a computer with 64GB of memory, 2TB of storage, and a top-of-the-line CPU. I am not sure if that's necessary for you just yet given that you are on the budget model currently. Let's look at the next option down.,I agree, I'm not sure if I need that much. What's the next option?,Sure. The next model down has 32GB of memory, 1TB of storage, and a mid-range processor. It should be a noticeable upgrade from your current setup. How about we give that a try?,That sounds like a good idea. I'm excited to see how it performs.,Great. I will order it now, you can test it out when it arrives in the next 3-5 business days. Can you let me know if you are still having issues or if it suites your needs?,Of course, I will let you know. Additionally, I need a new keyboard and mouse. Can you order those as well?,Sure, I will order those as well. Once they arrive please unbox them and let me know if they work with your machine. Feel free to reach out if you need help setting them up.,Thanks Alex. I appreciate all your help.,You're welcome, John. Have a great day!